[Support] Updated instructions to export HAR with recent updates to Chrome (#18440)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/support/troubleshooting/general-troubleshooting/gathering-information-for-troubleshooting-sites.mdx

### In Chrome

1. In a browser page viewed in Incognito Mode, right-click anywhere and select **Inspect Element**.

> 2. The developer tools either appear at the bottom or left side of the browser. Click the **Network** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The Chrome DevTools appear either at the bottom, or left side of the browser. Click the **Network** tab.
```
I had a quick check, and Google seems to refer to this as "DevTools". Matching the name for consistency.

![HAR network tab screenshot from Chrome developer tools](~/assets/images/support/gathering_har_file_network.png)

> 3. Check **Preserve log**. Please also check **_Disable cache_** if you are reporting a Cloudflare Cache issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check **Preserve log**. Please also check **_Disable cache_** if you are reporting a Cloudflare Cache issue.
```
Just to check - was there a specific reason to make this in italics?

Author: This was VSCode because there were 3 stars, it was doing a bold italic before, I think that's a mistake - changing to 2

4. Click record.

![HAR record button in chrome dev tools.](~/assets/images/support/gathering_har_file_record.png)

> 5. Browse to the URL that causes issues. Once the issue is experienced, at the top of dev tools click the "Export HAR" option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Browse to the URL that causes issues. Once the issue is experienced, click the "Export HAR" option at the top of DevTools.
```

> ![export HAR option in Chrome developer tools.](~/assets/images/support/export_har_chrome.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![`export HAR` option in Chrome DevTools](~/assets/images/support/export_har_chrome.png).
```

6. Attach the HAR file to your support ticket.

:::note

> As of Chrome 130 this exports a sanitized HAR with redacted cookies and personalised data. To disable this you can go to Dev Tools **Settings** > **Preferences** > **Network** > **Allow to generate HAR with sensitive data**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Chrome 130, this exports a sanitized HAR with redacted cookies and personalised data. To disable this, go to DevTools **Settings** > **Preferences** > **Network** > **Allow to generate HAR with sensitive data**.
```

:::

### In Firefox

1. While using a Private Window, use the application menu and select **Tools** > **Web Developer** > **Network** or press _Ctrl+Shift+I_ (Windows/Linux) or _Cmd+Option+I_ (OS X).

2. Browse to the URL that causes issues.

3. After duplicating the issue, right-click and choose **Save All As HAR**.

### In Microsoft Edge

> 1. In a Private window, navigate to **Developer tools** (use _F12_ as a shortcut) and select the **Network** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a Private window, navigate to **Developer tools** (use `F12` as a shortcut) and select the **Network** tab.
```

### In Chrome

> 1. Go to the **Console** tab from the Developer Tools bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the **Console** tab from the DevTools bar.
```

2. Go to the Console Settings and select **Preserve Log**.
3. Leave the console open and perform the steps that reproduce the issue.

> 4. Right click on any of the items within the **Console** tab and select **Save as** log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Right-click on any of the items within the **Console** tab and select **Save as** log file.
```

### Performance

> curl measures latency or performance degradation for HTTP/HTTPS requests via the [_-w_ or _--write-out_ curl option](https://curl.haxx.se/docs/manpage.html#-w). The example curl below measures several performance vectors in the request transaction such as duration of the TLS handshake, DNS lookup, redirects, transfers, etc:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl measures latency or performance degradation for HTTP/HTTPS requests via the [`-w` or `--write-out` curl option](https://curl.haxx.se/docs/manpage.html#-w). The example curl below measures several performance vectors in the request transaction such as duration of the TLS handshake, DNS lookup, redirects, transfers, etc:
```

## Perform a traceroute

> Traceroute is a network diagnostic tool that measures the route latency of packets across a network. Most operating systems support the _traceroute_ command. If you experience connectivity issues with your Cloudflare-proxied website and [ask Cloudflare Support for assistance](/support/contacting-cloudflare-support/), ensure to provide output from a traceroute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traceroute is a network diagnostic tool that measures the route latency of packets across a network. Most operating systems support the `traceroute` command. If you experience connectivity issues with your Cloudflare-proxied website and [ask Cloudflare Support for assistance](/support/contacting-cloudflare-support/), ensure to provide output from a traceroute.
```
We generally wrap commands with backticks
